feat(curriculum): add review tasks to block 8 of the A2 curriculum (#61102)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-hobbies-and-interests/657da1d38bf3e693eb579be9.md

dashedName: task-25
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

This is a review of the entire dialogue you just studied.

# -- instructions--

Write the following words or phrases in the correct spot:

> `newbie`, `decade`, `into`, `basics`, `passionate about`, and `as a hobby`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`newbie`, `decade`, `I've been into`, `basics`, `passionate about`, and `as a hobby`.
```

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Maria: Hey, I noticed that you have a camera on your desk. Are you BLANK photography?`

`Bob: Absolutely! I've been BLANK photography for many years. Capturing moments and scenes is like magic to me.`

`Maria: That's awesome! How long have you been into photography?`

`Bob: For nearly a BLANK now. It started BLANK, but it's become a significant part of my life.`

`Maria: Wow, that's quite a while! What kind of photography do you enjoy the most?`

`Bob: I like landscapes and nature. It's incredible to capture the beauty of our world in pictures.`

`Maria: That sounds amazing. I like photos a lot. Any tips for a BLANK?`

`Bob: Absolutely! I've taken things way too seriously in the past. So, I always recommend starting with the BLANK, learning about your camera, and trying to have fun.`

`Maria: Cool! Thanks for the tips.`

`Bob: No problem!`

## --blanks--

> `into`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`I've been into`
```

### --feedback--

> To really like or be interested in something.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I've really liked or been interested in something.
```
